[docs] clarify load rerun behavior (#6151)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/05-load.md

Using [`invalidate(url)`](/docs/modules#$app-navigation-invalidate), you can re-run any `load` functions that depend on the invalidated resource (either implicitly, via [`fetch`](#fetch)), or explicitly via [`depends`](#depends). You can also invalidate _all_ `load` functions by calling `invalidate()` without an argument.

> If a `load` function is triggered to rerun, the page will not remount, instead it will update with the new contents of the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `load` function is triggered to rerun, the page will not remount — instead, it will update with the new `data`.
```
